hey guys um different setting I know I'm
probably you're probably all going to
comment and say where is your bookshelf
I know right I know he's in for the
different background and all kind of
stuff you're doing a home renovations
putting out in hardwood floor we were
you painted if you can see the we just
refreshed our yellow and then we painted
this blue on this one wall so our house
is a bit of a chaos and I have to take
my book shops down for a little bit so
I'm gonna repaint the bookshelves white
and I put them up for our floor we have
to move forward floors and my books are
all piled up in random places as you can
see it's just there it's just chaos
everything is everywhere and i wanted i
didn't want to flake out for videos
because i'm a very scheduled person i
didn't want to like not do a video on a
certain day like i always do so I just
said you know whatever we'll just go
with a different view for a couple
videos so I'm just you know on a couch
nothing spectacular anyway well sorry
for long in church today's video is a
tag video it is books on you read in
2013 i believe it was created by emily
over at X obsessed redirects and i was
tagged by best june i want to say 327
make it very long list because i don't
want to really set rules for myself
because sometimes you know rules are
broken and you don't go by those rules
anyway so i just wrote a short list um
some of these books i own but you guess
what my books are in piles places i
don't know where anything is so I'm just
gonna leave pictures up for that so yeah
let's get on to the books that I need to
read in 2013 the first books I met a
comprise them into one thing because you
know it's jane austen books Jane Austen
as a classic I myself cannot really say
that I've been a reader unless I've read
a Jane Austen book that's just me
personally I juices like I need to read
the Jane Austen book it just has to
happen but um yeah I want to read it but
I mainly want to read Pride and
Prejudice if I just ready to leave Pride
and Prejudice year I will be a happy
girl another series in either eat is
Laura
series I told you guys this countless
times i'm sure you some of these you to
repeat so much that's 13 goals and yeah
the main reason i want to reward the
rings and strictly because my dad loves
it so much that is his favorite of
favorite books he is very into high
fantasy books he really likes authors
like terry brooks lord of the rings this
is ultimate favor and i want to read
them because i think that's where i got
my love of reading from is one of my
father so i would like to read them and
so we can talk about it because he's
always explaining to me these 50,000
different character mains and places and
I'm like mm-hmm all i know is middle
course in the Shire let's boot it and
more towards book / series i would like
to read those 13 is to finish the
vampire academy series this is a very
highly popular book a lot of people of
this book and I've heard the first two
in it I haven't really completed because
the first two didn't really wow me I
like them but it wasn't something I was
like I need to finish the series ASAP so
i want to finish in this year i've heard
they've gotten a lot better as you
progress and progressive progress so I'm
hoping that stays true I want to finish
the beautiful creature series or the
mortal or the caster chronicles I think
it's what it's called really i write
beautiful creatures i really liked it I
the reason why I haven't started the
other ones yet is because the books are
so freaking thick oh my god so take me
all wants to read because beautiful
creatures took me forever to read who I
don't want I need to read them series is
the unbecoming of Mara Dyer and I freak
puts I forget what the second one is
they don't becoming the evolution of our
diary maybe I've heard so many good
things about this book i'm surprised i
haven't read that I'm usually very good
about debuts and stuff like that but for
some reason I not read that book what's
up with that see Jackson or the Olympus
she comes show you how much I know about
that a lot of people a lot of booktubers
have read and loved the series and I'm
just like what is wrong with me why not
read this series yet what's going on I
need to read it and the last one I've
listed is the fault in our stars by John
Green and at least everyone I think at
least I get a comment a video saying
have you read The Fault in Our Stars
when you read
and I'm just gonna break it down for you
guys let's get it personal up in here
main reason why I have not read The
Fault in Our Stars it's because it is
about cancer cancer is a very very deep
issue that hits very very home to me and
I know a lot of people say oh it's just
sad i has no it's very very home to me
when I was about 15 years old I have a
younger brother who was four years older
so he is how old is he right now he's 20
right now when I was 15 he was 11 and
that is when he was diagnosed with liver
cancer and it was just a awful crazy
battle and it was just so hard and it
was just terrible and it was sad and it
was just uh huh now for you get to write
all your comments I'm so sorry um he
it's really okay he's in remission he's
perfectly fine but dealing with cancer
and dealing with something that's so
close to you as well like your sibling
it's just very very tough especially at
a young age I did things and I didn't do
think it was just a very very tough
experience and I just don't want to
relive that by any means and the reason
why I just have read it it's because I
know it's gonna bring back all those
feelings and all the stuff and I just
not ready for that yet I know as hears a
sound I'm sure you guys are gonna say
you just need to read it it's not that
sad i will read it just give me some
time people i just need to like I just
need to mentally prepare myself for that
because I'm just not I don't like
reading any type of cancer books it's
not just on green any type of books
terminal illness Oh Nicholas Sparks
always does it to me but I just hate
reading about it I just but i will read
it eventually this year I'll do it but
like I said just that's the reason why
I've never told you guys back and you
know I don't know this other books that
I plan to me
30-9 eat your food so yeah I don't tell
you a particular I'd say I just say to
you monday evening I must admit I didn't
know what
you
not all that mean borough
all the same I'm left alone